# Cold Storage Solution for BitShares #

## What is this? ##
This is a set of tools for cold storage and offline signing of balance
transactions, i.e., withdraw funds from a cold storage address and putting them
into a hot wallet (address).

## What parts are there and what are they doing? ##
Two parts:

### `online` ###
Get some data from the blockchain about available funds, balance ids, and owner
addresses and construct a readable table for the funds that should be withdrawn.
Note, that no recipient address has to be defined here and that transactions
fees are *add* in BTS (0.5 BTS) on top of your withdrawal amount!

### `offline` ###
Take the withdraw data from the `online` tool, ask for the deposit address and
the private key for signing. Note that only one private key (i.e. one
cold storage address) can be accessed at a time.
This script returns a readable (JSON formated) and signed transaction
instruction that can be pasted into the console of a connected BitShares
client.

## What's the procedure? ##
### Online ###
1. Go into the `online` part of the program and define the connection parameters to a running BitShares client in the `config.py` file
2. Get your cold storage address and put it into the `config.py` file
3. Run the `online` part of the program (it will list the funds stored in the cold storage address)
4. Define the amount and asset you want to withdraw from the cold storage address
5. Copy the returning table (after verifying it's content) and take them to the offline computer

### Offline ###
1. Execute the `offline` program
2. Paste the table that was generated by the `online` program
3. Paste the recipient address (or scan it with a webcam as QR-code)
4. Paste the private key (or scan it with a webcam as QR-code)
5. The private key will be verified prior to signing.
6. The `offline` program constructs and signs a BitShares transaction 
7. Carry the output (console command) to a connected BitShares client and paste the command in the console
8. Wait for 1 confirmation.
9. Done
